i will wade out
                        till my thighs are steeped in burning flowers
I will take the sun in my mouth
and leap into the ripe air
                                       Alive
                                                 with closed eyes
to dash against darkness
Humanity i love you
because you would rather black the boots of
success than enquire whose soul dangles from his
watch-chain which would be embarrassing for both

parties and because you
unflinchingly applaud all
songs containing the words country home and
mother when sung at the old howard

Humanity i love you because
when you’re hard up you pawn your
intelligence to buy a drink and when
you’re flush pride keeps

you from the pawn shop and
because you are continually committing
nuisances but more
especially in your own house

Humanity i love you because you
are perpetually putting the secret of
life in your pants and forgetting
it’s there and sitting down

on it
and because you are
forever making poems in the lap
of death Humanity

i hate you
If freckles were lovely, and day was night,
And measles were nice and a lie warn’t a lie,
Life would be delight,—
But things couldn’t go right
For in such a sad plight
I wouldn’t be I.
somewhere i have never travelled, gladly beyond
any experience,your eyes have their silence:
in your most frail gesture are things which enclose me,
or which i cannot touch because they are too near

your slightest look easily will unclose me
though i have closed myself as fingers,
you open always petal by petal myself as Spring opens
(touching skilfully, mysteriously)her first rose

or if your wish be to close me, i and
my life will shut very beautifully ,suddenly,
as when the heart of this flower imagines
the snow carefully everywhere descending;

nothing which we are to perceive in this world equals
the power of your intense fragility: whose texture
compels me with the color of its countries,
rendering death and forever with each breathing

(i do not know what it is about you that closes
and opens; only something in me understands
the voice of your eyes is deeper than all roses)
nobody, not even the rain, has such small hands

i have found what you are like
the rain,

            (Who feathers frightened fields
with the superior dust-of-sleep. wields

easily the pale club of the wind
and swirled justly souls of flower strike

the air in utterable coolness

deeds of green thrilling light
                                  with thinned

new fragile yellows

                      lurch and.press

—in the woods
                      which
                              stutter
                                        and

                                              sing
And the coolness of your smile is
stirringofbirds between my arms;but
i should rather than anything
have(almost when hugeness will shut
quietly)almost,
                  your kiss
my love
thy hair is one kingdom
  the king whereof is darkness
thy forehead is a flight of flowers

thy head is a quick forest
  filled with sleeping birds
thy breasts are swarms of white bees
  upon the bough of thy body
thy body to me is April
in whose armpits is the approach of spring

thy thighs are white horses yoked to a chariot
  of kings
they are the striking of a good minstrel
between them is always a pleasant song

my love
thy head is a casket
  of the cool jewel of thy mind
the hair of thy head is one warrior
  innocent of defeat
thy hair upon thy shoulders is an army
  with victory and with trumpets

thy legs are the trees of dreaming
whose fruit is the very eatage of forgetfulness

thy lips are satraps in scarlet
  in whose kiss is the combinings of kings
thy wrists
are holy
  which are the keepers of the keys of thy blood
thy feet upon thy ankles are flowers in vases
  of silver

in thy beauty is the dilemma of flutes

  thy eyes are the betrayal
of bells comprehended through incense


pity this busy monster, manunkind,

not. Progress is a comfortable disease:
your victim (death and life safely beyond)

plays with the bigness of his littleness
--- electrons deify one razorblade
into a mountainrange; lenses extend
unwish through curving where when till unwish
returns on its unself.
A world of made
is not a world of born --- pity poor flesh and trees, poor stars and stones, but never this
fine specimen of hypermagical
ultraomnipotence. We doctors know

a hopeless case if --- listen: there's a hell
of a good universe next door; let's go


My fellow Americans,

I'm joining you today from the deck of what will be our Nation's newest aircraft carrier, the soon-to-be commissioned Gerald R. 
Ford, and as you can see, I’m wearing a jacket and a hat that they just gave me. Not really used to it, but it feels awfully good – 
I’m very proud of it actually.

Our carriers are the centerpiece of American military might, projecting power and our totally unparalleled strength at sea.

This beautiful new warship represents the future of naval aviation, and she will serve as a cornerstone of our national defense for 
decades and decades to come.

A famous aviator once wrote that, to build a truly great ship, we shouldn't begin by gathering wood, cutting boards, or 
distributing work, but instead by awakening within the people a “desire for the vast and endless sea.” So true.

In the same way, we must continue to renew the American spirit in order to rebuild our country, and rebuild it we will.

On Tuesday, before a Joint Session [of] Congress, I laid out a vision – I hope you all watched – for how to accomplish that 
national rebuilding.

My vision includes the elimination of the defense sequester, which has imposed steep cuts on our military.

We must give our sailors, soldiers, airmen, marines, and coastguardsmen the tools, equipment, resources and training they need to 
get the job done, and get it done right - especially in these very dangerous times.

The active duty Army has been reduced by more than 85,000 men since 2009, and we have over 18,000 fewer active duty marines.

The Air Force, it’s the smallest it has been since 1947, and their planes are, on average, nearly thirty years old, if you can 
believe that.

Our Navy's fleet is the smallest it has been since World War I, and that’s a long time ago.

Frontline Navy and Marine strike fighter aircraft are more likely to be down for maintenance than to be in the sky.

We cannot afford to continue down this path.  My budget will give America's armed forces the resources they need to achieve full 
and total military preparedness to meet any and all global challenges – and meet them, we will.

Investing in the military means investing in peace - because the best way to prevent war, as George Washington said, is to be 
prepared for it.

Most importantly, an investment in the military is an investment in the incredible men and women who serve our country in uniform.  
They are the best of us.  They are the greatest force for peace and justice the world has ever known - and we will support them 
every single step of the way.

These are truly exciting times.  Amazing opportunities are unfolding before us - to strengthen our military, to reboot our economy, 
and to bring back our jobs.  If we all work together, and put our country first, then anything is possible.  Let us seize this 
moment and make the most of this incredible opportunity for national renewal.

May God bless the men and women of our military, and may God bless the United States of America, the country we love.

